hello guys I have here a complicated
let's say a different type of catapult
that looks similar to trample shed but
it's actually catapult wine because it
doesn't have hate that is pulling it it
also it it's a careful because it it has
this strange pulling pulling everything
you know a trebuchet is mainly using
gravity okay now this was created by
Largo he he named it a reloadable
trebuchet I would say it's easy we'll
reload the bull catapult okay but let's
see how it works what I like about it is
the way it works okay
let's slow down a bit the speed okay now
if we use this look how beautiful it
goes it was like this no and now we push
forward we press the forward button you
know I like this thing it's just I like
it how it's done
let's press okay okay and now we're
gonna take those okay okay the other way
press V okay don't forget to press B is
very important as you can see it does
fire out at a very long range oh my god
we lost a piece of our machinery no
worries guys no worries at all I don't
know which way to spin this
I suppose it's this way okay now we have
to use this thing
I clearly have no idea how turn okay
okay
something like this I suppose
we have to use this arm bond luckily for
me I have no idea how it works one
second all right yeah so I know the
controls now as you can see it's really
simple this arm is gonna is gonna pull
everything and it's gonna take the bomb
from here yeah we must lift it and we
must put it like this you can rotate it
a little if you want you put it there
and down okay maybe that's rush little
okay you can go take a walk
oh my god don't be too aggressive with
it otherwise it will explode in your
face bro this hand touches everything
okay that's it bros that's it we've got
it we put it right here yeah we can do
that as well
it's faster you see okay now we must
take care when we all right now let's do
this
this and bam it is fire it depends on
you when you drop the bomb it depends on
you the range of them of that ball you
know but it is a pretty nice catapult
guys it does look like a trebuchet but
it's not a trebuchet I've done that
mistake before thank you guys for
watching and I stay sexy but bye love
you